Add filter full time or part time entry (#285)
DFE-Digital/bat-design-history: app/posts/manage-teacher-training-applications/2020-12-09-full-time-part-time.md

---

> title: Filter applications by full time or part time

Reviewer: Change the  file name to be `filter-by-full-or-part-time`

Author: Done

> title: Filter applications by full time or part time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Filter applications by full time or part time (study mode)
```

> description: Provide options to view the application list by full time or part time courses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Let users filter the application list by full time or part time courses
```

date: 2020-12-09
---

> This post documents the introduction of the full time or part time filter alongside existing filters on the applications list.

Reviewer: I think for this post, I think we don't need a separate intro and how it works sections.

Points are:

1. We added a filter
2. Labelled it full or part time to avoid jargon
3. added the study mode to the application card
